let's go welcome back northernlion plays
of binding rise again thrill us we die
we must have died on the n LSS when we
did an Isaac run goes I thought we'd won
our last run but that's all right that
didn't is bothers me literally 0% w 8
and the 4 L a.m.
with good damage good rate of fire good
luck and we're going to need some good
luck as our speed is a little low so is
our shot speed for that matter but
that's largely irrelevant most of the
time so we're hoping for maybe like an
early de gAHS rune it's an early a was
rune which is not really as useful but
we could use it to maybe get a
half-price curse room or something like
that
we've been playing better the dailies
have been strong lately and I feel like
I'm I mean how many times have I said it
but I'm out of the slump as far as I'm
concerned
monstro as long is a great item
especially with a good rate of fire
which we have right now okay don't let I
could get that close that's way too
risky but especially with a good rate of
fire we got very little to concern
ourselves with right now and apparently
like every fire is giving us a drop so
it's pretty lucky usually you'll come in
here and buy a spear at art and maybe
buy the other thing they got as well
rules card a dark market lives under
your feets irrelevant you know I've
actually been to a black market once in
my life and I say that as if I'm aware
that a black market is not necessarily a
place that exists always instead you
know it's a loose construct of shady
dealings and illicit goods but when I
lived in South Korea there is a market
and I'm if you know it's not a black
market like you can buy drugs there I'm
pretty sure it's a black market like we
don't pay import taxes here so I went
there and it was like you know you could
buy North American products that aren't
for sale in South Korea that they
brought them in it was really expensive
like if you wanted like American Cheetos
it was like $4 for like a little single
serving bag or something like that like
this is the worst black market ever
I thought you were supposed to be able
to buy like nuclear warheads here all I
got is overpriced Pringles but you will
if you live there long enough you would
start to consider paying $4 for some
american cheetos i think american
cheetos made with real cheese american
cheetos a frito-lay subsidiary don't you
forget about flamin had those are the
spiciest cheetos they got sometimes they
also sell the pause but i haven't seen
them for so long now cheetos okay that's
we've gone too far but i felt like i had
enough fuel to carry that for a little
while and seemed to work because there's
korean cheetos but they're like i'm not
saying they're worse there is not to my
sensibilities they're a little sweeter
regular cheetos that's not what I'm
looking for you know I did I'm ashamed
to admit one time I paid $7 the
equivalent of $7 when I lived in Korea
for a bag of goldfish crackers from
Pepperidge Farms and I ate the whole
thing in like 45 minutes it's like this
was so highly not worth it I have to eat
my shame as soon as possible but it was
a taste you know from from back home so
it was important morale wise at the time
I suppose
never again though that's I mean you can
get those like you know 2 for $3 at the
grocery store I'm talking $3 canadian
which in this day and age you know you
can't can't get anything for $3 canadian
except two cartons of goldfish crackers
either way this run is like you know you
always got a temper expectations a
little bit it's not a guaranteed win but
it's very very good we probably will not
need yeah okay so like it's very all but
no it works okay that's what I was I was
a little worried that maybe I'd ruined
the monstros lung synergy by taking moms
knife but I'm not sure we've made it
better like a lot of people will
probably be like monster as long as more
but monstros lung mom's knife is rare
enough that I want to see where this
energy goes like the next obvious
ridiculous pickup is brimstone if we can
get mom's knife just use a Waze right
now because like the strange card could
provide us with a decent amount of value
if you can get mom's knife brimstone
monstros long I'm very interested to see
how that world works out for us but now
I mean you could probably call it as CNN
projects this run will go in favor of
northern Lyon
it will be a streak of one get excited
America come down here okay stay away
get a secret room don't stay away come
sail away come sail away with me battery
charge gives us the Emperor's card
irrelevant this could be a quick one as
well and the irony I guess that you know
Cheetos story is that once I was back in
Canada you know if you wanted to get
legitimate South Korean instant ramen
you could do so absurdly cheap in South
Korea's like 20 sometimes you know wake
up on a Saturday morning got no food in
the apartment go down to the convenience
store buy like a 40 cent package of
ramen use their hot water to cook it and
then go to town right it was a decent
way to spend your morning mmm was I
hungover possibly happens on occasion
not proud of it nothing in there I head
down to the next floor in my younger
days at least in my younger days I used
to something something when I went to
school I carried lunch in a bag with an
apple for my teacher cuz I'd always get
a kiss always got mad when the class was
dismissed at some far sides 1993 magnum
opus passing me by
also known to the younger generation as
the beat that plays just before juicy by
Biggie Smalls mixed with Elton John's
tiny dancer appears on girl talks 2006
magnum opus
Night Moves or whatever the first album
was called I can't remember and it
doesn't matter and then when I came back
to Canada I would pay like you know I'd
go to the import grocery store downtown
and be like yes 2:54 the same ramen that
Eden Isis it's not worth it
Ashton Kutcher has punked me in a big
way here well it was a bit of a sloppy
play to not pick up the spirit hearts
before we came in here but again we
actually cannot be stopped this run is
so overwhelmingly amazing right now
that basically nothing could possibly
stand in our way except for my own
hubris admittedly but fairly unlikely
let's be honest so please we still got
our strength card now we have the Whore
of Babylon as well but I mean when you
have mom's nice pretty much everything
else is like inconsequential this is
just going to be it's actually great and
I'm gonna you know build the
meta-narrative here because I know
sometimes people get disappointed you
take Mama's knife they go a free win
sure but we've had a couple of runs you
know within the past couple of weeks
that have thrown and thrown free wins
into questions you know made me excited
to get free wins so we haven't always
made that an easy or made an easy time
of things I should say but this is like
I had a busy Friday planned you know we
had a stream that I was supposed to do
and then the stream sort of fell through
but will happen at a later date with
more details and then you're supposed to
do round table round table got cancelled
so I'm sitting here oh I made time today
I made so much time day and now all the
things that I had to do with that time
I've fallen by the wayside now you might
think that it's good opportunity to play
hooky but you know my job is playing
video games to begin with so what I'll
do instead is I got it like a day of
like 9
Isak episodes lined up for me here and
it's been a while since I've had the
opportunity to do that you know if I
knock out nine eyes again well this is
every night but you know somewhere in
the vicinity a lot of eyes Gibson's but
a lot knock out the Isaac episodes that
opens up the backlog hoes a little bit
allows me to spend some time recording
hallo night and get in that series like
back to actually existing so it's like
it's there's a little kink in the pipe
because I've been busy with a variety of
things as opposed to like singularly
making Isaac content which is normally
my focus but anyway the point is if I'm
going to spend the whole day recording
Isaac dude a moms knife super powered
run is like my second run of the day
after a daily that also went really well
is the dream come true it's time for the
opposite of a slump it's time for a
streak baby and then fast-forward of
like 13 minutes and 30 seconds later
boom I died in mom's womb killed by this
thing and I guarantee it's a freaking
vaginal silkworm it's up to us to not
let that become a reality by the way we
did start with poke a go on this run as
the poking bowl craves hit you're part
of the world yet if you're from Hawaii
feel free to just call me an idiot
because I believe it is the Hawaiian
food that started there it has like
taken over Vancouver now like until
recently whatever people would like make
fun of Vancouver whenever Vancouver eyes
would make fun of Vancouver they'd be
like you know there's a spot downtown
where there's a Starbucks and then
literally you cross the street and on
the opposing corner there's another
Starbucks there's two Starbucks right
next to each other isn't that peak
Vancouver not now there are well there's
one place downtown
I believe it's in Yaletown
and there is a polka shop you know it's
a I'll talk about more what about polka
is or what polka is in a second year and
then right next to it is a shop that
sells polka Rito's which is just the
ingredients of polka in a burrito and it
might be even with sushi rice that speak
Vancouver as far as I'm concerned
polka is basically a raw fish
salad for lack of a better word you know
there's like chunks of raw ahi tuna
usually sometimes salmon or you know
albacore on occasion and then it's you
know you mix it with either like mixed
greens or rice and you know some kind of
dressing or sauce and mangoes pineapples
etc you put it in a bowl and eat it I
got to admit delicious people I think
people issue the hipster dum and that's
fine you know I am the dude who
accidentally made my friend pay $21 for
three cups of coffee once that story
I've been roasted for and I brought it
up because I deserve to be roasted for
that story I don't think there's any
doubt about that give me a potato peeler
however there's parts of hipster culture
I embrace and I think it's important to
embrace them because otherwise I'd be
self-loathing good coffee cold brew
that's one of them and I'll admit more
than once I've had somebody deliver me a
raw fish salad on a bicycle I'm okay
with that if you haven't tried it I'd
recommend well I wouldn't recommend it
it's like you got a you got to build up
to it if you've never had like sashimi
before you should have sashimi and then
be like okay now I'll go all in on this
whole cake because it's like sometimes
it's a it's a tall order to get somebody
to be like you should really try this
salad because that's that's sucking up
one lunch or dinner entree potentionally
or potentially you know you saying hey
go to my favorite restaurant order a
Waldorf salad what's up with that I'm
going to get the you know the blue
cheese burger and there's nothing wrong
with that either but anyway be going for
a raw fish concoction make sure you
enjoy raw fish first it might be one of
my favorite archetypes don't let's
Invicta no he's going to lose his mind
they're like I can concoct like the most
anti sand victim food in existence it's
a cucumber roll sliced cucumber wrapped
in sushi rice wrapped in seaweed he
would lose his mind it's alright though
anyway I don't even know what I'm
talking about anymore
of course you know when I'm eating the
pokey am I thinking in my head I'd like
a pepperoni pizza no no I'm not except
for the fact that at a genuine baseline
level if you asked me at any point
during the day any day hey you want a
slice of pepperoni pizza the answers
gonna be yes
you know what check this out right he's
a god I got two free plays of the demon
judgement and the level one Meat Boy and
the potato peeler damage upgrade just by
using the strength card there I will
always say yes to one slice of pepperoni
pizza the only time I will not say yes
to one slice of pepperoni pizza and this
is actually literally true and I'm
thinking that it's highly relatable as
well is when I've very recently consumed
one too many slices of pizza doesn't
have to be pepperoni like straight up
it's to 11 p.m. right now if you were
like hey if cake came into the room and
said there's four slices of pepperoni
pizza in the fridge you want something
I'd be like absolutely that's at any
time food I mean like it shouldn't be
but it is I call that the pizza mood the
pizza barometer it's really more of like
a litmus test it's a boolean value
you're either true on pepperoni pizza
you're not if you're vegetarian you know
there's I don't know what food it is for
vegetarians that's like the pepperoni
pizza conundrum I think about it
sometimes cuz like my wife gets food
cravings she's not pregnant everybody
every any time the media has conditioned
you incorrectly if a woman is ever
nauseous or has a food craving the
internet goes off she's pregnant
no it's just you watched one too many
sitcoms where you know somebody throws
up and then you're like oh she must be
sick no way there's a new Seinfeld on
the way they never did that inside cells
that you get the idea I don't understand
the concept of a food craving I can eat
almost anything at almost any time is
that is that a male singer is that a
meat thing
I'm not trying to be like you know Dae
I'm just you know deserted booty old
smoking food craze but I actually just
cannot put myself in those shoes like
when when my wife says you know what are
you feeling for dinner tonight I
actually usually have no preference I'm
like skillfully cooked matter of almost
any form sounds like it would really hit
the spot tonight this sounds like I'm
making a caricature of myself but I'm
really not you know sometimes she'll try
to catch me she'll be like oh you want
to get like sushi tonight i'ma yeah that
sounds great
we would have pizza though also sounds
good and then she's like haha gotcha and
I'm like no you didn't you don't
understand
it's the pepperoni pizza barometer can
eat almost anything at any time do you
have a favorite food yes
whichever food is in front of me at the
present time is in the lead it's a it's
a shifting list it's a power rankings
ESPN Pierre Lebrun style what are you
talking about NL fair question
fair question straw man okay waiting in
the sky he'd like to come and eat us but
he doesn't know what he's gonna order
cuz he has no food preferences alright
but like I'll get I'll get cravings I
find cravings are our context-based
like if I have a bag of Sun Chips in the
house I'm like I'm really craving Sun
Chips I don't have any Sun Chips in the
house right now am I craving them yeah
now really but if I had Sun ships in the
houses boom I got a wow that's weird
I've got a sneaking craving for these
Sun Chips right now basically I crave
whatever's around round round get around
I crave around
run-run crib around a crib Rueben
that's my that's my treatise on food
consumption I don't understand it what's
the deal with blank how's the Isaac run
Goins been like ten minutes since we
commented on it honestly it could be
another like we could go thirty minutes
without commenting on the size of grun
because it's so disgustingly one at the
present moment that there's like no
concerns here the only problem with it
is potentially HP but like to be
legitimate right now we should probably
never get hit for the rest of the game
we have a case to not get hit for the
rest of the game at the very least we
probably will because it's just
unrealistic to expect that level of
perfection but we shouldn't get hit
probably so
we bought everything that there was to
buy more or less than we're going to
donate some money and so you might as
well throw down a bomb see if there's a
secret room it gets grounded totally
worked out we got some more money in the
process as well and we're on the Deb's -
so we're like good to go when it comes
to going to boss rush as well Nick
actually posed an interesting question
on Twitter the other day said at what
point is socially acceptable in the day
to order a pizza and there are many many
kind people out there watching this
video before saying if the pizza place
is open it's acceptable to order a pizza
I disagree with you I do think if you
hold a normal schedule like let's say
you you wake up in the morning you know
maybe like 7 8 9 a.m. somewhere in that
window it's not acceptable to order a
pizza before 11:00 I'm just by not
acceptable I don't mean you can't do it
I just mean like if I did it I would
feel a slight bit of personal shame
sometimes I'm ok with that
sometimes I'm very much for that like I
think it's socially mildly unacceptable
to do that 11 is what I consider to be
the first acceptable Pizza ordering time
and I have a historical precedent for
that in elementary middle and high
school our lunch time was at 11 a.m.
which seems ridiculous to me right
now because it was 11 a.m. Eastern Time
and now I live on the west coast I'm
like we were eating lunch at the
equivalent of our 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time
oh sorry 8 a.m. Pacific time I know
that's not really meaningful without
time zones work it's like wow in Japan
they eat breakfast
well we're asleep what a country you
know but no I just like it puts it in
perspective for me sometimes you know if
I'm ever awake at 8:00 a.m. I'm like why
am I so tired this was lunchtime when I
was in high school by the way I know
just by bringing that out people gonna
be like that's stupid lunch times 12:30
you know everybody has their own
historical basis for when their lunch
time was I'm not trying to step on your
toes moldy bread is a potato peeler play
dark Prince's crown is garbage I think
we just go mystery sack because it's
free and then hope that we get some
half-decent junk out of this and I'll
say right now I think 11 a.m. is too
early for lunch
I like a noon lunch myself but anyway I
think 11 a.m. is like if you were having
a pizza party in like your middle school
you could order a pizza then and thus I
think it's acceptable for everybody on
earth to order a pizza then I actually
have lunchtime strats and I know that
some of you out there share this with me
because I can't be the only weirdo I one
of my summer jobs that I worked with an
office job where and this was like
incredibly freeing at the time you can
choose when to take your 50 minute lunch
break you know they trusted you to be an
adult they were like you know whatever
you feel like you want to take lunch
just take a 50 minute lunch break and
you're good to go as long as you're back
you know this is pretty lakhs days of
GLAAD attunes people work hard but still
is like you can you can do what you want
as long as it's within the realms of
reason so I was like hey I'm a summer
student let's be honest I'm just here so
I won't get fined I don't have a
long-term future this company in all
honesty probably but I'm going to work
hard but here's my strategy
I took lunch I worked at 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. I took
three you're going to think that that's
crazy but hear me out
8:32 three work hard three pm take your
50 minute lunch break come back at 3:50
everybody else is basically shutting
down for the day you know the last 15 20
minutes half hour 45 minutes one hour
two hours three hours in an office
everybody's just watching the clock
waiting to get home you know many of the
days at the very least so I've come back
and I'd be like hey is there any work
for me
maybe like nah dawg it sort of days over
what are you talking about I'm like okay
cuz I just got back from lunch is there
anything to do in the day that just you
know don't just chill out but like
here's some busy work basically and I
thought I was a genius and I was the
genius because somebody complained to HR
and then like a week later I got an
email by the way these are like the best
working days of my life the time till
lunchtime stretched out in infinity
admittedly but after lunchtime it was
like a breeze it was like the day was
over at 3 p.m. I artificially shortened
my own workday without compromising my
productivity in the eyes of my in the
eyes of my supervisors there's a model
employees innovation that's why I'm
working in the hot field of new media
now it's forward-thinking ideas like
that right but yeah someone complained
to HR in their leg lyonel see why he
should be able to take lunch at 3 p.m.
because um you know sometimes we need
him there for the meetings in which we
talk about things that are way over his
pay grade and never ask for his feedback
on anything because he's not going to
work here in three months so yeah there
was there was a company-wide email that
you know that our 20 person large
company it was pretty obvious it was
directed to but it was like just a
reminder to everyone the acceptable
lunch hour if you want to take it you
can take it at any time between 11:30
and 1:30 please do not take your lunch
break outside of these hours because it
will result in not being able to be as
productive as we'd like in meetings and
you know blah blah as I got it I mean in
a way I was like I've invested Moriarty
you know he out stopped me you screwed
up my plan but I was also bummed because
I was like
you know I beat the system isn't that
supposed to be rewarded I'm doing the
same amount of work but it feels like
it's 15% less that's I've just gotten
another opiate of the masses to get me
through the day and then you know that I
mean that was that actually you're gonna
think that I was a bad employee but I
was actually like a good employee
and this said I mean it's I have no way
to prove that to you know do I really
feel the compulsion except for the fact
that despite being like a summer student
who had a temporary tenure there when
there was like six weeks left in my
contract out of 12 they were like you
know what because they called me into
their office and I was like all getting
fired for the lunch thing but no they
gave me a little race and they didn't
have to do that and I took that was very
proud of that little race because the
job was on a meta level completely
meaningless but I gave it my all and I
cared about it and I was rewarded but at
the same time I was also like come on
the lunch thing pretty genius right
you're gonna ask some questions you're
going to be like hey were you hungry
yeah man but you know you can you can
always get up and go like you know eat
an apple or something like that if you
have you've never worked in an office I
mean I'm going to burst the bubble for
you there's a lot most of the time and
some people gonna comment on this and be
like not in my office and you know what
that's that's sweet but this was like a
shock for me when I entered the office
working world and admittedly I know I'm
getting off on a side tracked here we
should definitely do an extra floor now
that we have a dark Prince's crown but
as a trinket I forget what it's called
in fact now we shouldn't use it just yet
but anyway in fact this is very
different when I was a teacher
you know you anytime you spend in the
office you're like thank god I'm not
teaching right now I'm going to go you
know look at my phone for 15 seconds and
drink a bottle of water and then go back
into the frickin animal kingdom of the
classroom right but anyway when I my
perception as a teenager of what offices
were like is like work work work it's
like the Rihanna song you know non
stop but there's depending on where you
work there's a lot of downtime there's
sometimes you know slow days you're just
kind of sitting there waiting for things
to manifest there's also days that are
very busy but certainly not all of them
so yeah it's spend a lot of time just
like listening to the radio wasn't a bad
gig honestly I don't think we have an
item room on this floor which is why I'm
reroll in the floor right now basically
because I think it only manifests the
item room once you pick up the trinket
it's like what it only manifest the item
room on floor load when you have the
trinket I believe could be wrong but I
think that's how it goes we should check
this anyway that's that's that that's
that's my working anecdote pencil had
some jobs believe it or not despite
entering you know the YouTube scene at a
fairly young age I have had some real
jobs I had a summer job well I know I
had a job in my first year of college
phoning alumni to ask for money it's a
great time to do that gig because you're
like this is the best school on earth
and then you know as you get a little
older and a little bit more jaded like
it my school called me asking for money
right now I feel like for what I'm 28
years old you guys barely got your claws
out of me recently what do you want
money for you're publicly funded
universe I'm not dum-dum white man and
it seems I guess to some extent here and
you know donating your alma mater it
could be a great source of pride but you
know I all admit that on a telephone get
a lot of people who are like why would I
donate to the school and you just go
hell you know toys should only cost
one-third of what it takes to actually
send a child to school and blah blah oh
yeah well the other two-thirds comes
from freaking like one highest tax rates
in the Western world anyway this is
irrelevant at this point so I had that
job that was good for perspective gives
you a great tolerance for being yelled
at maybe one of the reasons I don't take
neck
of YouTube comments that seriously is
because you know I've already been
yelled at by enough like adults were
like you called me during the news and
I'm like well you know you could have
just not picked up the phone what are
you talking about you the phone rings
you have to pick it up that's the number
one rule of telephones not that I'm you
know defending basically the concept of
telemarketing all help me thank you I
worked as a donation processor goodwill
for a while so essentially people would
drop garbage bags full of stuff in front
of the goodwill and you know you grab it
you sort through it and go hmm
this one doesn't smell like urine ah I
put a dollar-fifty price tag on and put
it out there that was largely largely
pretty terrible to be honest with you
they didn't work that for too long
temporarily worked as a database
administrator and then a teacher you
know it's a broad scope of knowledge
here for better for worse spirit hearts
please do the red hearts are actually
fine as well thank you but you know you
probably didn't ask her my life story we
smelted a good trinket there dude so we
have not seen our item room on this
floor let's go back and look for it I'm
going to crack into that fourth level
meat boy there and you know what I'm
spoiled I didn't get my first job until
I was 17 what she I mean that might seem
depending on who you are that might seem
ridiculously late or ridiculously early
but I had anxiety about it so I'm just
I'm saying that to let you know you know
maybe you're 16 17 18 and you're like I
don't have a job yet you know I'm
screwed you're not screwed I mean if
you're screwed we're all screwed let's
put it that way I mean people are not
retiring anymore so that's the thing you
should be worried about you shouldn't be
like oh I don't have a good resume you
should be like everybody's working until
they die and people don't die until
they're 85 now so like that's all the
jobs are being done by robots I mean
that's the problem but you know don't
sweater is what I'm trying to say here's
a list of the song I wrote mmm trying
not to worry about your resume
Gong's wariness the resume but that mean
like maybe worried a little bit about it
like the long and short of it is that I
have no idea where the heck we've
already been to our item room we just
went to a two seconds ago what are you
talking about here we got nothing
advisable anyway head down here's a very
long run for a run that's like moms
knife heavy ooh is bad damage on my part
and we are light on HP like we haven't
gotten a ton of it but we've lost more
than we should have as well so I'm
looking for Kiera fonts here we don't
need anything else I'm probably not
going to fight us just because our HP is
so low for what it's worth the other
reason that's so good Thank You mystery
sack you validated your existence the
other reason our HP is low is because
I've traded all of our red hearts away
to use potato peeler to get five levels
of meatboys so we end up losing this run
you know it's potato peeler based hubris
there's no question about it gets all of
us in the end
since we have chaos I think we should
keep this let's go spirit art actually
like that's one floors worth of fuel so
I'm happy okay well that dumb I just
want us the game coming into this room
James West came in the West so remember
the James
let's go
I don't want to do this room it's I've
noticed a trend rooms I hate well this
room is actually great if you have like
contagion but rooms I hate are usually
rooms where the enemies are just
numerous so it's annoying to kill them
you know what you need some annoying
rooms the suite just isn't as sweet
without the sour I swear to god I saw a
knife fly through one of these enemies
and not kill them do the monstros long
knives not do any damage on a scale of 1
to Halifax Explosion that would be like
a maybe a 4 on the bummer scale I mean
the Halifax Explosion you know a
catastrophic event many people died but
it was also like a hundred years ago so
people outside of people outside of
Canada definitely learn about the
Halifax Explosion I'm just not sure to
what extent because I think it was
Austin broaden up on the NSF's the other
day I was like how many provinces in
Canada can you name and then he's like
well there's the one where the explosion
was and I was like I know about a
Halifax I'm not saying it said I've been
a Halifax lovely place if I had to live
east of Ontario this is kind of a
backhanded compliment necessarily
meaning like that if I had to live east
of Ontario Halifax would probably be
high on the list and I delivery used to
Quebec Halifax behind the list that
should be spun I sleep nicely spun you
know I like it it's a little small by my
takes but very friendly friendly people
great food there's an IMAX there I've
been there in like literally 18 years
but still so I'm not dude I've got mad
respect for the Maritimes
even if I think you know sometimes your
customs are a little funky like I mean
just go look up the mummer's from
Newfoundland that might even be like
something that Newfoundland inherited
from
in Scotland Ireland I'm not sure but you
know they get into some wacky stuff up
there but that's half the charm you know
they're they're kissing con on occasion
drinking screeching I'm not talking
about Saved by the Bell I would like to
know how much HP we have left here
the answer is enough I think we should
potato peel like a second-level Meat Boy
is not worth that much but if we're
already committed to peeling like why
not take it all the way right this is a
nice like again this is a good run to
set the tone for the rest of the day if
I'm going to be recording a bunch of
issac which is basically like my dream
workday at this point well that's not
totally fair dead cells is also lovely
to record the NL SS is a lot of fun
player unknown battlegrounds has its
hooks in me like today's is this month
or so is like an excellent time to be to
be me from a working satisfaction
standpoint
however it's nice to have a run that
starts would like some some great
momentum here we did miss the hush fight
but
we're going to get through this one very
easily I don't know Boyd who cares is
basically my perspective well we'll
cross that bridge when we come to it
curse of the unknown is always a little
dicey spear of destiny is weird
lost fly takes us closer to Beelzebub
bookworm attempt at least I'm not taking
curse of the tower it's just a little
too dicey and fenced it's fine
gulp is useless right now but good
otherwise bombs okey essentially second
verse same as the first you know
we don't guarantee ourselves item rooms
on the wait a minute
this bloody crown gives you item rooms
after wait does it give it give you item
rooms on the womb or does it give you
item rooms on the womb and beyond as if
it gives it to you on the womb and
beyond we should have been peeping a
little closer attention on the cathedral
I mean there's no shortage of items here
but on the cathedral it would have been
would have been nice
Oh another curse of the tower all right
that is that a foul portent for our next
episode of The Binding of Isaac after
birth plus only time will flip and tell
buddy but for now this one like popped
off ridiculously and I got today I had a
little like grandpa and elves Oh sit
down our let me tell you about the six
real jobs I had before I got this
incredible fake one I will say you know
there's there's good and bad things
about what I do now the bad thing is it
really does take like a mild
psychological toll on you to get yelled
at by adolescents on a regular basis not
everybody who yells at me as an
adolescent I'll admit and I'm not trying
to you know talk down to the people that
are fans but also yell at me because
that's biting the hand that feeds but is
something particularly the meaning about
being yelled at someone who has like a
Neopets logo that you're like ha man
this really what would I have aspired to
in like most jobs you don't get yelled
at very much by 12 year olds the
difference well I mean sometimes
teaching but then you just go I'll call
your parents and they go please oh my
god that's like I'd rather go to prison
anyway the other the other side of it I
feel like a lot of youtubers miss out on
this there's also no other job that I
can possibly conceive of at least
outside of being like a you know another
entertainer like a singer or something
like that where people tweet you on a
regular basis and go like hey
you know I watch your stuff every day
and I love it and like I just I look at
those tweets and I think I make I make
garbage that's amazing what other job in
the world you play video games crack
jokes over the top and have people you
know suddenly they even come up to you
in person and go like hey I watch your
videos every day that's incredible
that's that's like an inconceivable
level of flattery and I do feel like you
know the longer I do this the more I
appreciate that and the more I i I just
slop off like comments that are
undeservedly critical you know it's a
matter of like self respect I still I
still see other youtubers sometimes
youtubers that were you know they're
there in the circle with us and they reg
they like one or two really nasty
comments and they they stew about it all
day and I think I'm in on a way or in a
way I'm lucky that I don't have that
psychological compulsion but I also used
to to some extent I just sort of grew
out of it you know you got to focus on
the positive and recognize it's like the
greatest job in the world and so like so
many of you watch these videos didn't
email me like hey you know you've really
been like a therapeutic influence in my
life like that's that's flattering we
got gushy at the end of this episode but
that's cool we didn't quite get Guffey
that's not as cool but maybe in the next
episode thanks for watching hope you
guys enjoyed if you did click the like
button helps out a great deal of course
subscribe you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time